This wretched woman
How dare she treat you like this
Exactly
The cooperation was already settled
That wretch Qín Ruò Yǔ
Suddenly jumped in
Using her looks to seduce President Wáng
And she said
Said what?
Said you were just
A leech, a bootlicker
That’s why she deceived you for three years
That slut
If I’d known back then
I should’ve chopped her up
And fed her to the dogs
Not only that
She also seduced the chairman’s secretary
Tricking Vice President Wáng
Into thinking she’s the chairman’s beloved
Of Dì Háo Group
And had someone beat me
Look at this
My face is all swollen
Come on
Be good
A little blow, and the pain’s gone
You have to compensate me properly
Compensate
Compensate properly
Compensate you all night
Is that enough?
Hateful
[Reminder: Designer of the Year - Dà Xiàng Decor]
Where’s Qín Ruò Yǔ? [Designer of the Year - Dà Xiàng Decor]
Tell her to come face me now